This is my how to succeed in Mr. Beast
productions.
>> Yeah, I remember when this leaked. I've
met so [music] many people who said
their boss made them read this. I'm just
going to read from it. There's only room
in this company for A players. They're
just people who really love problem
solving cuz [music] that's what we do
here. We pull off the impossible.
>> Somebody that dedicates their whole life
to this. Thinks nothing of this is it.
I've missed Christmases in a row. I've
missed every part of a typical [music]
20-year-old's 20s.
>> It's important you video everything
critical. That's why you see a lot of
people on the Beast Games crew
constantly filming everything.
>> You got to be able to work on multiple
projects at the same time. It is 11:35
at night and after a full day filming
two YouTube videos, a rehearsal for
Beast Games, Jimmy is filming a
Lunchables commercial.
>> Lunchables now available AT EVERY SINGLE
WALMART NATIONWIDE.
>> LET'S DO one more.
>> Tastes cheap. I would never eat that
again.
>> Oh, well.
>> We have a phone that says, "Ask for
anything." How do you produce something
like that?
>> are coming in one by one by one.
>> Send him the Cirque du Soleil.
>> I had two artists.
>> Psychic.
>> Drivers all over the city. [music]
>> Private jets waiting on standby.
>> I am getting slammed.
>> Four years ago, we were filming out of
an old church.
>> This is where the expansion's being
done.
>> I think this is the biggest sound stage
in North America.
>> This entire area is becoming a filming
campus. It's wild [music] to think about
what one YouTuber could do.
>> You end your guidebook by saying, "I see
a world where this company is worth
billions."
>> Mr. Beast has a valuation [music] of
$5.2 billion.
>> to have an IPO at some point?
>> this when I was like 22 years old. We're
closing in on 500 [music] employees.
>> Entire livelihoods, thousands of people
that depend on their paycheck.
>> Did you ever doubt, "Is this worth it?"
>> This is my how to succeed in Mr. Beast
productions.
>> Yeah, I remember when this leaked. Good
times.
>> I was actually just talking to a founder
who uh his company just got valued at $2
billion and he [music] told me he saw
this online and then made all 100 of his
employees read it. And I've I've met so
many people who had said their boss made
them read this manual and it's crazy cuz
I wrote this when I was like 22 years
old, but people really love it. This
section is about videoing everything and
so I'm just going to read from it. I
really want us to see producing as a
team job, not a solo thing, which is why
it's important you video everything
critical.
>> We are less than 3 weeks away.
>> A 14 days prior to us filming here.
>> This is a problem we used to run into a
lot with my YouTube videos. We would
send people to scout sets and they take
a couple photos, but then other people
would feel the need to drive out there
and then more people would drive out
there and it just wastes a lot of time.
I'm like, just send one person out there
to get really good videos of every
square inch and we don't need to send
people out there 30 times. And so yeah,
this was very big [music] thing for us
back in the day and that's why you see a
lot of people on the Beast Games crew
constantly filming everything.
>> So this city's [music] got to be ready
in 2 weeks. 2 weeks.
Not quite there yet, but the bones are
together.
>> The environment they're in is like a
live and breathing. It's powered on.
>> Taking [music] up the lighting rig.
>> Wow.
Look at that.
>> We have folders full of set [music]
visits and progress as things are going
and what the locations look like. So
Tyler's and [music] the creatives and
the thousand people working on the show
can all stay on the same page.
>> 9-ft diameter like circle thing right
here.
And then it goes
>> We even have footage of us testing the
games so we can reference how people
played the games in the test.
>> You go hard.
>> Don't hit me in the head.
>> We do testing to break the games to
literally say
we didn't come up with a good enough
game, it broke. Here's why, let's fix
it. [music]
>> This is episode 6 and they're measuring
out visibility for these LED flooring.
>> And how high am I here? 6?
>> While we're doing this, we're creating a
vision of what could potentially [music]
happen.
We're like literally pretending every
scenario that could actually [music]
happen.
>> He's counting going he's like, "3,
two, one." One person just going ah.
>> [screaming]
>> We are testing a game for episode three.
It is
4:46 in the morning. [music] Bunch of
people holding markers behind their head
to signify a game where you don't know
what your color is.
>> What am I?
>> You're blue. Yeah, you're blue. Okay.
>> You have to trust the people around you.
>> He's lying to you. He's lying to you.
Switch. Switch. Go.
>> Jesse, hey.
Jesse, what am I? Hey, what am I? What
am I? Tyler. Tyler. Tyler.
>> I DIDN'T KNOW WHERE BROCK WAS.
>> Turn around, blue team.
>> Oh.
>> You and I are out.
>> We're out.
>> And look at [music] those pictures or
video.
We take that data. We go, "How do we
make this game better now?" 5:25 a.m.
Game didn't [music] work. You know, and
Tyler goes, "Ooh." And then he'll
elevate it. He's like, "Yeah, I mean,
basically we have this. And what if we
added another element now?"
>> Oh, you do it on the outside and the
game plays on the inside.
>> And so that idea was one of the first
ideas we had.
>> all because
>> we just filmed some dumb video.
>> Can you read the passage about A
players?
>> Yes.
>> All right. I only want A players.
You're either an A player, B player, C
player. There's only room in this
company for A players. A players are
obsessive, learn from mistakes,
coachable, intelligent, don't make
[music] excuses, believe in YouTube, see
the value of this company, and are the
best in the god damn world at their job.
I agree. B players are new people that
need to be trained into A players, and C
players are just average employees.
>> A lot of our A
>> players I would say are people who fit
the a lot of the A player criteria. They
were very obsessive, very coachable,
very intelligent, don't make excuses.
And the big thing is like, they're just
people [music] who really love problem
solving. Cuz that's what we do here. We
solve crazy problems. That's how you
pull off the impossible.
>> Things are getting prepared for the next
episode, cubes, where the Beast team is
going to try to pull off the impossible.
>> Can we walk into one of the cubes?
>> All right. So,
here's one of the cubes.
>> Yes.
>> Got our phone here that they're going to
be able to pick up. People can ask for
anything to help decide who's going to
get eliminated. But what happens behind
the scenes like when I pick up and ask
for like a pony? [music]
>> So immediately that's going and it's
probably ringing.
>> Yeah, it's ringing right now.
>> We have operators standing by.
>> Oh my god. Hello, welcome to Beast
Hotline. We're just testing it out right
now. Can I please have a pony to our
cube?
>> [laughter]
>> Okay. They're like, we can work on that.
We're going to get back to you ASAP.
>> There you go. See?
>> Thank you.
>> You hang it up. That request is logged
in. We will do our best to fulfill every
request.
>> The concept is is that you can get into
this cube and the only rule is don't
handcuff yourself or you're out. And to
help you, we have a phone that says ask
for anything, right? How do you produce
something like that? We're talking about
a magic lamp here.
>> I say we just jump right into the next
game.
>> Want to do it?
>> Yes. Oh, it is. I KNEW IT.
>> THIS YOUR TEAM?
>> YEAH.
>> I THINK SO. YEAH.
>> ONCE YOUR hand cuff is locked in.
>> So you think if she lost the game, she
would honor it?
>> You know, like I think everyone here
will be honest in the way they play.
>> Let's stop putting them into the cubes.
>> Send [music] it.
>> 20 contestants have entered their cubes.
13 will come out.
>> They're just about to start [music]
ordering items.
>> Remember, they can have anything they
want.
>> Yeah. Hello.
>> Tonight's episode is not only going to
be one of the most brutal on camera,
it's going to be one of the most
complicated to pull off off camera.
>> We dispatch about 50 production
assistants all over the city and we'll
put people at a hamburger place, at a
pizza place,
>> [music]
>> at a big store, at an electronic store
and try to guess like what somebody may
want.
>> When Tyler first came up with this idea
and he's like, I want them to ask for
anything.
>> [music]
>> Instantly people's brains go into let's
do limitations. Like they can have one
item every, you know, 5 hours. And then
I was like, no. Let's talk about what
the brand is. What Jimmy has created as
good content. You take it to a 10. Their
brains go and they're like, "Ooh, ooh,
I'm a kid. I want to do blank." Nobody
will take it to the level we take it to.
We want them to feel like this is a
magic phone.
>> So, some of the things that are being
asked for, are people are like, "We
ordered lobster, and we ordered salmon,
grilled."
>> of it is snacks, food, games.
>> Six Sonic blasts.
>> One Oreo peanut butter milkshake.
>> Three diet sodas and three Fantas,
please.
>> I am getting slammed.
>> Okay, they are sprinting. Like, the
requests are coming in one by one by one
by one.
>> Because we don't just think like this is
good creative. We think somebody at
home, how are they going to respond to
watching this? They're going to go,
"Man,
you know what I would ask for? I'd ask
for a million bucks."
>> What would you like?
>> As much money as you can give us.
>> They're wheeling one million dollars to
one of the cubes.
>> Ooh, look at that.
>> We sort of try to guesstimate what
people will want.
>> They prepped a lot of things in advance.
Like, you can see arcade games, you can
see sumo suits, a basketball hoop that
they brought out, slushy machines, like
Kool-Aid snow cone machine, like just so
many random things.
>> So, what request just came in?
>> Uh, putting green.
>> A putting green?
>> Yep.
>> So, when they get a call from the cube,
they enter it onto this sheet. So, like
this putting green, we knew it was in
stock room.
>> Stock room means you have it, you
prepped it in advance. It's in one of
these containers.
>> Exactly.
>> It's tricky. We've had animals, tattoo
artists, nail techs, massage therapists.
[music] We have, you know, a lawyer on
standby. We have a psychic,
psychologist.
>> Is the barber still back out here?
>> I mean, we really do reach out to almost
everybody. Just people on the one yard
line where we can call them for the next
12 hours, and they come in.
>> All right, send in the serpent turd,
cube [music] three.
>> And which cube was the Tylenol for?
>> Oh, they finally got their pizza.
>> So, you're currently at about like 350
requests.
>> Yeah, like 320 right now.
>> 320?
>> Yeah.
>> From 20 contestants.
>> It created conversation. [music] It has
people on social media going, "Why
didn't they do this? I would have done
this."
>> We have private jets waiting on standby
in other states.
>> Really? And do you have celebrities on
standby, too?
>> A few here and there.
>> Can we get over shoulder of Jimmy's
phone? He's trying to call Gary
Vaynerchuk.
>> Some Gary V stuff, Post Malone.
>> Could you connect me on a phone call
with Elon Musk?
>> [music]
>> I tried again for a call with Elon Musk.
>> You're getting emotional saying that.
Why?
>> The The ultimate aim is I want to try to
find someone who can help find a cure
for my son.
I just feel like with him, Tesla energy,
Neuralink brain,
we're trying to get creatine to the
brain.
I was hoping.
>> I DM'd Elon. He didn't respond soon
enough. So, I I was going to try to make
it happen.
>> the next day Elon just replied with like
a question mark, like, "What?"
>> [laughter]
>> But, yeah, I couldn't get Elon on the
phone not that late at night.
>> Yeah, I think somebody asked, "Can you
fly in my mom 6 hours away?"
And I always told all of the producers
who were looking at this, always say,
"Yes, we're going to work on it." No
matter what the item was, "Yes, we're
going to work on it."
>> You just tell them that you will get
back to them in a few moments.
>> You know, that's what I classify as an
A-player. Those are people who just
naturally will do well here and love the
job. I want people like that. I want
people who are obsessed and excited to
solve hard problems. How do you find
A-players?
How do you find A-players? Well, John,
that is the question every business
owner on the planet
wants to know. You I have quite a few
A-players, but they're just I mean,
there's a reason they're A-players.
They're they're really, really hard to
find.
>> I ended up seeing [music] a tweet from
Jimmy, and he just said, "Hey, I'm
looking for looking for creatives. I'm
looking for good people." And then
[music] I get this interview, and I go
and meet these people. I remember
thinking, [music] "If this company is
going to be really successful, they're
going to need somebody like that just
dedicates their whole life to this.
>> [music]
>> There's nothing out This is it." My wife
and I told her, I said, "Hey,
I'm going to take a [music] chance on
this. I really, really think that this
is going to be something
special." I'll tell you when when we did
the surprise on the contestants,
>> Oh my god.
>> So, the contestants have no clue, but
their families are here to surprise
them. The parents, the siblings,
>> [music]
>> the wives, the husbands, the partners,
like they are outside. They're about to
come in.
Ah!
>> [screaming]
>> I'm so proud of you.
You're doing a great job.
You did it.
>> I mean, specifically Tyler and Corey
with their families.
I mean, cuz I related to them the most.
And just watching [music] them have that
moment. I mean, that's where I obviously
teared up when I saw that cuz I just
envisioned my wife and kids running
through right after.
>> And wait, did you tell him that you're
>> Oh, we're married. Yeah.
>> Married?
>> Yeah, we're married.
>> For real?
>> Yeah, we did a little we did a marriage
thing.
>> I wanted to ask you something really
special today, okay?
>> Okay.
>> Monica.
>> You're lying. [laughter]
>> Will you
marry me?
>> I would love [music] to marry you, Jim.
>> You may kiss the bride. Big round of
applause.
>> If she loves James, I love her.
>> Wow.
What's it like to meet each other's
families?
>> We get a son. You get a daughter.
>> We have a freaking love connection.
[music]
We brought them together. They fell in
love. They're living together. It's
crazy.
>> Wait, really? You want to call him now?
>> Do you think they'll pick up?
>> Yeah, of course.
>> It is 4:00 in the morning.
Come on, Jim. Check.
>> Hey, Chris. What's going on?
>> Jim.
>> You call me at any time. I don't care.
>> It's It's John.
>> It's John. You shy.
>> You shy.
>> Are you still together with Monica?
>> Yeah, I'm with her right now.
>> Hey, John.
>> Isn't this crazy?
>> They live together.
>> Oh my god.
>> We came for money and left with love.
>> I love it. And money, by the way. Both
of you left with money.
>> And and money, too.
>> A lot of money.
>> Come on.
>> They were in love, man. We saw their
love story play out.
>> Anytime there's some form of
heartwarming, wholesome moment,
I I think of the people I love the most,
for sure.
>> How much of your life did you pour into
these [music] games?
>> Oh, so much.
I've missed a lot of Christmases. I
missed a lot of Thanksgivings. I think
at one point I missed six Christmases in
a row.
I I've missed every part of a typical
20-year-old's 20s.
>> [music]
>> My passion has been the only thing I've
woken up and done for 8 years.
That's it. Nothing else.
Talk about obsessive.
>> That's why a lot of the qualities I have
written about me player or obsessive,
learn from mistakes, coach well are
things that ensure [music]
almost nothing's impossible.
We actually broke a Guinness World
Record for the largest behind-the-scenes
team [music] to work on a TV show as we
made the video that you're watching
right now. And if I'm being honest, we
almost broke our bank account, too, as
we filmed these 45 days in here. So, I
definitely wasn't about to use
copyrighted music and get demonetized,
which is why I turned to today's sponsor
Epidemic Sound and specifically the
reference track search feature, which
has been a game-changer. Basically, if
you hear a song that you like on
Spotify, you can then [music] paste the
track name or artist into Epidemic Sound
and it finds similar songs from its
library of over 55,000 premium [music]
tracks and 250,000 sound effects that
are fully cleared for your videos, so
[music] you don't have to worry about
copyright claims at all, which is
actually how we found the song that
you're listening to in some of the
previous scenes. There's a reason why
Epidemic Sound is the best soundtracking
[music] platform out there for creators.
So, click the link in the description
below to try Epidemic Sound [music] or
go to this QR code to get a great deal.
And for the first 100 people who create
an account, I'll throw in our new
YouTube Hack Pack Pro, which has
additional [music] templates, graphics,
LUTs, music, sound effects to help you
grow on YouTube, which would otherwise
be about 50 bucks. And basically, it's
[music] everything that we've used to
help grow our channel. Now, back to the
video.
>> Jimmy, you also have this section in
your handbook where you said, "We don't
fake things. Make sure to prep
contestants and try to create an
environment where they feel comfortable
talking." [music]
How do you do that?
>> These contestants, they're not used to
having a camera in front of them. So,
for us, a big thing is that they are who
they are, right? Once you say something
in front of our thousand cameras, you
can't take it back. We also try to give
them some training just to help them
like articulate what they're thinking.
Right behind me, I see this one of the
more important meetings. What they're
doing is basically getting on camera
coaching [music] cuz a lot of people
have never been on camera before.
>> So, what we're trying to do is get you
used to this situation. There's going to
be cameras and lights on you quite a
bit.
>> All right, what's going on? My name is
Jim.
>> I'm Tyler Lucas.
>> My name is Monica Runk.
>> Hi, my [music] name is Sue Smay.
>> I'm Jack McKenna.
>> Oh.
I'm I practice. This is good.
>> You might have to coach me through it,
but all right.
Let me just think of how I'm going to
work.
So, it'll be like
I don't I got to loosen up.
>> I'm a professional wrestler.
Are we on or or is that exactly
>> Keep going, dude. Just keep going. That
was great. We're going to just roll into
it. So, they're like, "What's your
strategy in order to win these games?"
>> Can we redo that? I don't know. That's
stupid.
>> What I don't want is someone thinking
like, "Oh, am I being annoying if I talk
too much or if I cut Jimmy off or
whatever." But, I encourage it. Do
whatever you want.
>> Okay, okay. I
>> Uh what am I willing to do in this
competition that other people are not?
>> Sabotage some of my closest [music]
friends in here. Don't tell them that.
>> I joined Mensa when I was 16 years old,
and my strategy for winning is to come
[music] in first place. My backup though
is second place. After that, third
place, fourth place. I won't go through
the whole thing, but my goal is to win.
I forgot the question.
>> Uh what do you
>> See, I'm on the dumb team. I'm on the
dumb team. All right, I'm on the dumb
team.
>> We really try to train and encourage the
contestants to be who they want to be
and not [music] be someone that they'll
regret when they're watching the show.
>> I hope no one's listening, but my goal
is I got to be cutthroat. As much as I
love being a people person, there is
only one winner in this game.
>> I'm all for the underdogs. I don't like
people bullying people. All right, done?
Sweet. I'm sweating. That was scary.
>> There's this moment with Jack. Did you
guys see what happened?
>> Yeah. The story team caught it.
>> Low card goes home.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes. 1 [music] 2 3 go.
Oh, it's me.
>> So, he technically cheated, right?
>> Anything can happen in the cubes. It's
their cube, it's their game, it's their
rules.
>> I'll go put the handcuffs on.
>> You don't have to. It's obviously up to
you.
>> Well, they're great guys.
>> When you're ready.
It's official. Sue is eliminated.
>> Do you feel you rushed through those
moments in earlier videos or even last
season?
>> Oh, last season no, but earlier videos
on YouTube of course. I had no
storytelling in my, you know, early Mr.
Beast videos. I don't think anyone's
surprised to hear me say that.
Um, and a big part of it is, yeah, I
would have just walked in there and be
like, "Okay, handcuff." But now we take
the time. You don't put words in
people's mouths. You just like give them
a chance to express what they're feeling
and a lot of people just need to be
probed to do that. How'd you outwit her?
>> I had an idea to front load the deck and
once she was looking at the money, I
swapped it.
>> Woah.
>> He's on the smart team for a reason.
>> Do you worry about being perceived as a
villain for the rest of your life?
>> Uh,
it hasn't, you know, I haven't thought
about it too much cuz the name of the
game is just to get someone to handcuff
themselves. Like, that's the only rule.
Uh, that's the way the game was set
people can be mad at me, but that's
that's the way I played it.
>> Sue, do you think [music] any
differently of the people you were in
the cube with?
>> Oh, no. Yeah, I actually think
differently of them. They're the nicest
guys in the world and this is a game and
we played a fair game and I'm going home
with no money. I mean, it so really
sucks. I was hoping at least something
to help me
in my retirement. [music]
You know, I'm 60, so I was really hoping
to have something.
>> How do you think about your retirement
now?
>> It's scary.
You know, like I've always worked two
jobs.
You know, I work hard. I'm a hard
worker.
But I've never had the money to really,
like,
be financially
>> [music]
>> secure.
So, I'm going to just keep working, I
guess.
This sort of sucks. I want to be able to
help my daughter and my mom.
>> I wish [music] nothing ill will towards
Sue, like with what Jack and I did,
but at the end of the day,
uh you know, I'm here fighting for time
for my family.
>> Tyler's authentic. He's not loud, he's
not a spectacle television superstar.
Then if I wanted him to be loud, and if
I thought that was the right play, don't
you think we would have trained these
people to be loud? There's a reason. I
We don't want that. We want you to be
yourself.
>> Hopefully at this point we've done a
good enough job where everyone kind of
understands who's playing in these
games.
>> And so now it's time for people to love
and hate them. You know, if a couple
people do [music] what Jack did, we got
a show, you know.
>> I was doing some research, and you also
wrote, "On top of learning from watching
YouTube, I'd love for you to read The
Goal." [music] So, found this book that
you said is one of your favorite books.
>> It is, The Goal. I love this book.
>> Did you have everyone [music] in your
company read that book at one point?
>> Yeah, so this book is The Goal. I think
I made my first 250 employees read it.
It helps get everyone on the same page
of when I say bottleneck. I use the word
bottleneck quite a bit, especially when
filming it. I want people, when I use
that term, to understand what it means
and the [music] magnitude and weight.
>> You also wrote, "Do not go to your
co-workers and say, 'I need a thumbnail.
Let me know when it's done.' [music] I
want you to look them in the eye and
tell them they are the bottleneck. Just
walking away until it's done is [music]
lazy, and it gives room for error. Check
in daily. Leave no room for error."
>> tell you you're the bottleneck to the
production, to me, that's a very, very
serious sentence. So, to people who
might not have read The Goal, they'd be
like, "Okay." If you picture like a
hose, the different sections of the hose
are different part of the workflow of
producing a video. And it's like the
equivalent of the creative part of the
hose, you just squeeze it. And so, the
water just essentially stops. We're not
really making meaningful progress.
>> And then you also have this section in
your handbook where you said, "Work on
multiple videos every day. Do not come
in and work on only one video during a
work day. [music] That's how you fall
behind on future videos and create a
nasty cycle that I'm trying to stop."
>> Because how grand and big these projects
are, you got to be able to work on
multiple ones at the same time. These
are just big projects that take many
months.
>> If you haven't tried Lunchables now, go
to your local Walmart. It's the perfect
time.
>> It is 11:35 at night, and after a full
[music] day of filming two YouTube
videos, a rehearsal for Beast Gang,
Jimmy is here at their local Walmart
filming a Lunchables commercial.
>> Can we get one? Uh Lunchables? No, but
sure. We can have some Lunchables.
>> It's this entire bit where they make fun
of Lunchables. You could guess what
brand they're really making fun of.
>> Bro, DON'T EAT THAT GARBAGE. LUNCHABLES
IS NOW AVAILABLE IN EVERY SINGLE
WALMART. GUESS WHAT? GO TRY IT. STOP
EATING LUNCHABLES.
>> HE has like 50% more energy than any
human I've ever met, and 110% more
curiosity. And I guarantee you he's not
even done. He's going to run this back
like three or four more times till he
gets it perfect.
>> Let's do one more.
>> Okay.
>> And then he's going to go the candy
aisle, or the chocolate aisle, wherever
that is, and [music] he's going to taste
test the competition, and figure out how
Feastables can do something different.
>> About what you'd expect. Tastes cheap. I
would never eat that. Ew. I have zero
desire to consume any more of this.
Yeah. If I try something,
and I don't instantly have to like
restrain, it's not good enough. Good
science test.
>> Yeah.
>> Take care everybody.
>> All right, Jimmy's out. It's crazy. He's
headed back to set.
>> Just another day in life.
>> You end your guidebook by saying, "If
you're ambitious, and you want to
dedicate [music] your life to work, you
picked the best company in America. This
isn't a stepping stone. This is your
final destination." I see a world where
this company is worth billions, and one
day tens of billions. How did you have
that kind of clarity? [music]
>> Yeah, I have over 400 employees. I think
we're closing in on 500 employees.
You know, entire livelihoods, [music]
their families, all 1,000 people that
depend on their paycheck. You know, if
you include their kids and partners and
stuff. You know, that's what I'm very
grateful with my team. We just like come
together and make this a bigger company.
What I like to do is like you can see
that sort of you go out to the road. We
have like all this sand.
So, there it is. Damn. Oh my god.
Here where can actually see the entirety
of the set.
>> I JUST STARTED THIS 10-MINUTE TIMER AND
WHEN it hits zero, that room all the way
over there full of money will explode.
>> the cage
down to blue room down to the Indiana
Jones jungle type room.
>> When did you and Jimmy meet?
>> Like 2018. I was helping him with his
thumbnails and that was kind of just
like I was still doing my own channels,
but I was like, "You suck at Photoshop.
Like let me help out."
>> So you made a lot of Jimmy's initial
thumbnails.
>> Yeah, me and him would hop into call.
He'd like I'd screen share and he'd be
like, "Do this. Change that. I want
this." And so I would just help out and
make his creative vision come to life.
Then it kind of all umbrellaed into here
and it's been a crazy ride.
>> Woah. From what I understand, he rallied
a ton of employees and said, "This is
going to be [music] a multi-billion
dollar company."
>> Yeah, the first thing I ever said here
is like I mean this company's awesome.
You guys have no idea what you're
standing in. Like this is going to be a
billion-dollar company. I still remember
that because I like truly believed it at
the time.
>> All right. So now this is where the
expansion's being done. We'll We'll have
you come back when it's all done and
it's going to be a totally different
place.
>> So behind me is a sound [music] stage.
Last time we were here, it was
non-existent. It was a bunch of
construction and now fast forward, it's
built, it's functional. They're [music]
going to be playing in there. It's a
memory challenge game. The set is really
well lit, looks beautiful.
And it's one of many. Like this is one
studio. There's another [music] one
here. There's a bunch of sets for his
other YouTube videos that we've been
filming on with Jimmy over there. This
entire area is becoming a filming
campus. [music] It's wild to think about
what one YouTuber could do.
>> Welcome to the smart game.
>> And is this one of the biggest sound
stages now in North America?
>> Jimmy would have killed you right there.
It is the biggest
in North America.
>> This is the biggest sound stage in North
A
>> I think this is the biggest sound stage
[music] in North America. Free standing.
Yeah, cuz there's no columns in the
middle.
>> Usually a structure this big needs
columns to support it.
>> If you told me last season that we were
going to be filming next season in the
backyard of our studio.
You know what I mean?
Four years ago we were filming out of an
old church.
>> Yeah, it's crazy.
>> It's insane. This is the most futuristic
thing we've ever done.
>> But it happened, man. They're they're
doing it.
>> I will do that.
>> Um they're also
>> I chase the best product possible.
That's all I want. I don't need
notoriety. I don't need any anything
else. You know, I could be
down about all the stuff I've missed,
but I mean, look at the opportunity.
I've been to
40 countries. I I've met some of the
most incredible people. [music] I've
filmed the craziest things. We climbed
the inside of the pyramids.
I find it very very challenging to
be negative about the things I've missed
because of the amount of
um opportunity and positivity I've
gotten out of this job.
>> It's the hundreds of people that
sacrificed everything on this shoot.
These people
who have given up everything to make
this show, it's what makes this show so
special. It really is.
>> I mean, bro,
it's funny. I can't even get like my
newer employees to read this, but it's
like there's so many businesses that my
friends run or just people I've seen on
Twitter where they make their employees
read it. And sometimes I joke with my my
people. I'm like, "When we hire someone
new and I ask if they've read it."
They're like, "No." And it's funny cuz I
know my friends' employees
read the handbook, but my own employees
sometimes don't even read it now. And
it's just so funny how big this got.
>> Right Jimmy's office is right now in
Greenville. It's a Sunday right now and
the offices are still [music] packed. I
couldn't believe it, but I came across
his YouTube play button when he hit
100,000 subscribers. Like like that's
crazy. And I'm blown away by all the
[music] fan mail, all the artwork.
Looking at all the letters from all
corners of the world, from Japan, from
Ireland, from Canada, [music]
from the United States. I think this is
why they do what they do and they work
so hard.
>> As I'm starting to get a little bit
older, I'm trying my best to have a
little bit more of a personal life and
kind of figure out myself more than
[music] just this job. However, I would
never change a single thing. Never.
Ever, ever, ever.
>> [music]
>> This is This is what I was supposed to
do.
>> I filmed in a lot of studios. This is
amazing.
>> Jimmy, now the floor is moving.
>> Oh, wait. Oh my god.
>> [screaming]
>> It's the first time I'm going to see
people watch the show.
>> Some of the most influential critics and
press are sitting in a theater right
now.
>> How's it going, everybody?
>> Reviews for the first season of Beast
Games were pretty harsh.
>> Imagine 15 [music]
very high-end Lamborghinis roaring
through the city.
>> Listen to that bad boy.
>> It was insane. I've never [music] seen
studio space that big.
>> You could fit the pyramids in this
building.
>> my dream, seeing this much studio space.
You know, I want to build one of the
largest companies on Earth. The bar for
normal [music] shows here, our bar is in
the cloud.
>> We want to build more content across the
internet and traditional TV, even
theatrical release.
>> They call this place the edge of the
world.
>> My heartbeat is abnormally high.
>> I don't know if Jimmy is nervous, but I
definitely am.
>> I've read every single [music] review.
>> I'm down to middle of the road. Do you
think this will perform better or worse
in season 1?
>> I have never talked about this before.
Not on a podcast, not on my channel, not
anywhere [music] besides this series
right here.
You guys ready to watch season 2?